I'll give you all my love
Hey, Tong!
You're in big trouble, Tong.
Don't worry, Kit.
What? You want N'Pup to continue?
Yes, Mr.Wikit is really interested in N'Pupla.
This woman is so smart to add value to herself with me.
Hey, son. I'm glad you know how to enjoy your life.
Just sitting in the car two by two, I'm close enough.
Remember this, even if you bring money to the world,
you will never touch me.
I told you not to gossip about all the women who work like this.
Some people may not be what you think.
It's because of your father that I've changed my mind since then.
And it won't change easily.
Mr. Palapol told the police that he hurt Pete
because he was not happy to see Pete using a phone camera to take pictures behind a woman's bathroom.
How's it going?
Help me check all the CCTVs and buy them all.
Don't let Pete be a spy.
Hey, so is this true?
Pete is still young. He will learn soon.
If you let him be a spy, he will learn.
I don't want him to be a spy.
Pete is still young. He will learn soon.
If you let him be a spy, he will learn.
I don't want him to be a spy.
Do you understand?
Yes, I do.
Don't worry. I'll take care of it.
Do you understand?
Yes.
Go and bail him out.
Thank you so much.
I'll pay you back as soon as possible.
You don't have to. I don't mind.
I can't. It's my debt.
Yes.
The old debt that you borrowed from Mr. Suthee can't be used up.
Don't forget that you are Mr. Suthee's debt.
Okay.
I'll pay you back when I have the money.
Please excuse me.
Thank you again.
Hey, Prap.
Ton.
I'm sorry I'm late. I just finished my message.
But when I saw your message, I came right away.
It's okay. Thank you so much.
How are you?
Are you still defending Tong?
Do you want me to take care of him?
It's okay. I'm here now.
I'm just waiting for the result.
How are you, Nut?
The relative of the person who was attacked by Tong
has refused to defend himself.
Do you know who your brother attacked?
It's none of your business.
Who?
Tonlek's son, the owner of PP World.
What?
You.
You refused to defend the kid who had an affair with Pete?
That's a strange question.
They only hurt Pete. They have to pay for it.
What happened?
You should ask Pete first what happened.
Don't blame him for this.
But Pete didn't do anything wrong. Why do you have to ask?
This is what they call my stepfather.
As a mother, what did I do wrong to protect Pete?
If this happened to Pete, I would have to protect him too.
It's not necessary. You are not my mother.
And a woman like you has no right to compare with my mother.
Remember that.
That's right. I can't compare with your mother.
Because I'm not the kind of mother who can give birth to her own child.
You.
Or what I said is not true.
As a mother, no matter how hard it is,
the last thing a mother shouldn't do is giving birth to her own child.
You.
P'Pim.
Sang.
Have you had breakfast?
Today, I have your favorite Bak Kut Teh.
So I asked him to join us.
Wow, you have my mouth already.
Are you in a hurry?
My father is going to see a foreign event.
Let's sit down.
Come on, P'Pim. I'll cut it for you.
The taste is amazing.
No Bak Kut Teh is as delicious as your cooking.
You are so sweet.
But today, it's not my cooking.
It's this person's cooking.
I'm very surprised.
The taste is not different from Aunt Pond's.
It's very delicious.
I have already sold my land to my relatives.
From now on, I will leave my belly at this house.
Until I get old.
Please take care of your future girlfriend.
You have an old brother to eat with you at home.
You won't be able to sell it.
I'll wait for you.
Let's eat, dear.
It will get cold.
Okay.
Let's eat.
I'll take you to your house.
Okay.
Grandma, where are you going?
Grandma.
I have to apologize.
Apologize to my parents for hurting him.
I'm afraid that he will be soft-hearted and let me go.
Grandma.
It's my fault that I didn't raise him well.
I have to apologize to my parents.
I'm afraid that he will be soft-hearted and let me go.
Do you know where their house is?
I don't know.
You are at P'Pewo's house.
Why are you looking for trouble?
Come out.
If I don't come, my grandmother will come anyway.
I won't let my grandmother do that.
Are you going to apologize to her?
What do you want me to do?
My brother didn't hurt him.
If there's anything I can help, I want to do it.
I'm just calling to tell you where I am.
In case I disappear.
Crazy.
Okay, I'll call you back when I'm done.
Okay.
As a mother,
no matter how hard it is,
what you shouldn't do the most
is abandon your child.
Mom.
Khun Pim.
Are you back from the camp?
Give me your bag.
What about your mother?
Your mother ran away.
What are you talking about?
Where is she?
I don't know.
I saw her packing up when I came back.
It's just a letter.
I'm sorry I have to do this.
But if the child is with his father,
it would be better than having a hard time with me.
But if everything is in its place,
I will take my child with me.
Please bear with me.
I can't stand it anymore.
Khun Pim.
Why do you
have to give up a worthless woman like Su?
But I won't.
I hate women like this the most.
Come in.
Khun Pim, someone wants to see you.
Who?
Her name is Pla-Pla.
This woman is no different from Su.
She looks like trash.
I want to apologize
and
explain everything.
Is this
your way of apologizing?
I don't understand your feelings at all.
I'm sorry on behalf of my brother.
Is that all?
Yes.
I'm sorry on behalf of my brother.
Is that all?
Is that all you want to say?
You don't have a good mouth.
I've heard that
a family is like a double-edged sword.
Even though they are good at fighting,
they grow up together.
If someone does something wrong,
the family should be responsible for it.
I didn't take good care of my brother.
I apologize on behalf of him.
You are
a generous person.
But I'm sorry.
I'm not the kind of man who will fall for a woman like you easily.
If you want me to pay you back, just tell me.
Are you trying to get money from me?
Do you think you have enough money?
Khun Pim,
I haven't talked about money yet.
I know that my money can't pay you back.
Especially for a rich man like you.
You are really good at tricking people.
So are you here to trick me
or make me angry?
I just want you to tell me
how you want me to pay you back.
I'm willing to do anything.
Then
do what
a woman like you is good at.
Sleep with me.
Hey,
I'm just thinking about what you said
in front of me in the middle of work. Do you remember?
Do you remember?
A man like me
even if you bring money to the world,
you will never touch me.
In front of others,
you are a good woman who doesn't want to sell her dignity.
But when you get paid, you do one more thing.
And you still have the face to scold me for working in front of others.
Do you think I can forget about this easily?
This is the time
that I will teach a woman like you.
You are so evil.
I think you'd better keep your mouth shut
before I have something harder to do.
It's even harder.
You can think about it
if you will do as I say.
I give you
midnight.
If not,
prepare to wait for your brother
to go to jail.
Tong.
P'Pup.
I haven't been able to bail you out yet.
The other party hasn't come out yet.
Let's forget about that.
How is that evil guy?
He's still in the hospital.
I told you
to go home after school.
Why did you go out drinking like this?
P'Pup.
I just went out to celebrate after the exam.
Why are you nagging me?
Even though I nag you,
I still have to worry about you and Ya.
If I don't nag you, how bad will it be?
Malak.
I'm here.
Can I ask you first
what happened?
Why are you nagging me?
I don't want to nag you.
But every day,
you have to make things up for me.
Malak.
Calm down.
Calm down, both of you.
What happened?
How did that happen?
Actually, Tong told the police.
But I don't understand why she's not guilty.
Why is she the only guilty one?
Because we don't have evidence to prove that she's guilty.
They rejected every word Tong said.
Hey, Tong.
Is there anyone who can testify for us?
The one who saw the incident where those guys secretly asked women.
It's just them.
No one else.
If so,
the only way I can help you is
to find the evidence
when those guys secretly asked women, right?
Hold on, Pup.
Where will you find the evidence?
I don't know yet.
But I won't give up.
Leave me alone.
I'll go do something.
Then tell me where the evidence is.
Hey, watch out.
Tong.
Yan.
Wake up.
Wake up, Yan.
Hey, Pete!
What's going on?
That's all, Mr. Lawyer.
Did anyone see anything going on between them?
No.
And Pete and his gang are regular customers.
They're all close.
They've never had anything to do with anyone.
I think you should ask your friend.
Well, I didn't see anything.
I walked in and saw a man unconscious.
I'm so hurt.
If I had recorded the sound of him threatening me,
I wouldn't have been famous all over the country.
My future would be ruined.
You bastard!
Come on.
My dad used to teach me that
if you haven't reached the end yet, don't give up.
Even if we can't find a way to fix it,
it doesn't mean it won't get better.
I'll fight until the end.
I'll go get something to drink.
Do you want anything?
No.
Okay.
Two minutes left.
Here it is.
Your true self.
This way.
You're his sister, right?
Yes.
I'm his brother.
I'm his sister.
You're such a good sister.
You're willing to be a freebie
in exchange for his freedom.
Oh, I forgot.
You must have been used to this kind of easy-to-solve problem.
In the past, you must have been
in trouble with this kind of substitution all the time.
Being a woman like you,
life is so easy.
Maybe it's because
I can't choose.
Shall we start?
Let's start.
Actually,
I've never seen a woman like you
from a distance.
But this time,
let's pretend that I'm a woman like you.
I think
it's more like your role.
Pete.
If the reporters get this clip,
they will see that your brother
has a problem.
In addition to your company having a problem,
your family name will be ruined.
Because people will think
that you are from a rich family.
How did you get this clip?
Excuse me.
Can I see the camera in front of the car?
My brother was arrested.
So I want the CCTV footage to help him.
Yes, sure.
Can you see him?
Yes, I can see him.
Let's go.
Have you decided yet?
Who will get the role?
Give it to me.
Stop it.
Actually,
the person who did it
shouldn't be my brother.
But your brother
and yourself.
So what are you going to do?
Do you still want my brother?
What do you want
in exchange for this clip?
You are an entrepreneur.
You are good at negotiating.
You shouldn't let me tell you
what I want.
You want me
to let go of your brother.
Yes.
This case is a criminal case.
Even if I don't let go of your brother,
the police will still sue you
for your brother hurting my brother.
But the punishment should be reduced.
My brother shouldn't be in jail.
At least I can bail him out.
Is that okay?
I agree.
What else?
It was about my brother.
This time,
it's about me and you.
Why did you take a photo of me?
Hey,
go stand on the balcony.
What?
Are you going to go or
do you want me to press the share button?
Huh?
Are you going to go or not?
Go!
Open the door and go outside.
Huh?
Go outside?
Yes.
Hurry up.
Or I'll press the button.
I'm really going to press it.
Are you happy now?
No.
What else?
Boxer?
Huh?
Are you crazy?
I'm not crazy.
I'll take it off.
I can do it.
Hurry up.
I'll count from one to three.
One.
Two.
That's enough.
Three.
Are you crazy?
That's enough.
Are you happy now?
Almost.
A little bit more.
Four.
Five.
Six.
Seven.
Eight.
Nine.
10.
11.
12.
13.
14.
15.
16.
17.
18.
19.
20.
21.
22.
23.
24.
25.
26.
27.
28.
29.
30.
31.
32.
33.
34.
35.
36.
37.
38.
39.
40.
41.
42.
43.
44.
45.
46.
47.
48.
49.
50.
51.
52.
53.
54.
55.
56.
57.
58.
59.
60.
61.
62.
63.
64.
65.
66.
67.
68.
69.
70.
71.
72.
73.
74.
75.
76.
77.
78.
79.
80.
81.
82.
83.
84.
85.
86.
87.
88.
89.
90.
91.
92.
93.
94.
95.
96.
97.
98.
99.
100.
I don't think he likes to drink fish sauce.
You know what?
I'm going to threaten him to sleep with me.
If it's me, I'm going to be mad.
You know that I don't care about that kind of woman.
I just pretended to threaten him.
I just pretended to sleep with him.
I didn't really want to sleep with him.
It really hurts.
I think that after I pranked that woman,
I'm going to call my dad.
Don't you think it's too much?
Or do you really like him?
Stop kidding me.
I don't have feelings for that kind of woman.
I just want to prove to my dad that I'm not wrong.
Tong.
Tong, my granddaughter.
My granddaughter.
I'm here for you.
I'm here to take care of you.
I'll give you everything.
I hope that he won't be mad at you.
Ms. Pim.
A police officer came to see you.
What's his name?
He left this for you.
I'm sorry.
I've kept my promise.
I hope you won't forget it.
Let's break up.
I don't want to mess with you.
Mr. Pim.
You're the one who told our lawyer
not to take the evidence from the person who hurt Pete.
Yes.
Why?
If you want to know,
watch the video.
Pete.
Why didn't you sign the renovation project
at the hotel in Phuket?
I haven't checked the document.
I'm the president of the company.
I've checked it.
You signed it.
Pete has woken up.
Don't you want to visit him?
He will be upset.
I'm your father.
You don't have to do this.
I just hope so.
I just don't want him to feel bad about his father
like I did.
Oh, Mr. Pim.
Aren't you going to have breakfast?
I'm sorry, Ms. Parichart.
I'm not hungry.
How many words can you say at a time?
Look at her.
She's always picking on me.
You're such a pain in the ass.
Na.
What are you doing?
Why are you hitting me?
You're hurting me.
Hey.
If my father finds out,
he will be so mad.
That's good.
But I don't think
he will care.
You're his son.
How can he not care about you?
Mom.
I'm not your son.
I'm just your mistake.
Don't forget
if it wasn't for me,
you wouldn't have left him.
When will you stop thinking like this?
It's not true.
I feel so guilty about Pim.
She's so nice to him.
But in the end,
she left him because of Pim.
You idiot.
Pim is nice to you
because she wants you to be her son.
She wants you to be a slave to her.
So you won't dare
to steal her property.
She doesn't really love you.
How can you feel guilty?
It's not true.
Pim loves him.
Why? Don't you hate me?
Think about it.
You can't even have a son.
I told the lawyer to try to
solve this as soon as possible.
Including deleting the video.
Good.
At least Pete is my son.
It's interesting
that a girl
can do this to Pim.
I love you.
Are you hurt?
You!
What kind of guy is he?
He's handsome and kind.
He's a pervert.
You have to pay me back
within a week.
Remember that.
Hello.
The audience would like to meet you.
I heard that you're looking for a job.
Are you interested
in working here?
Who is she?
She doesn't have an interesting profile.
She's not ordinary.
What's her name?
Prapra.
That's strange.
She's more interesting.
Prapra.